let's do with luis cinnamon and all the action
sporty luisa front options
good and bad news good really
are very good news
especially you say is the great
swimming fanatic today
we received information that michael
strauss will return to the competition
we go to the images immediately the
michael swimming superstar
phelps who retired from the sport after
win six medals in the games of
Olympics of London-2012 descended this
tomorrow he will return to the
competitions next week in a
event of the grand prize series usa in
that arizona michael won four medals
gold two silver in london for
impose a record of 18 gold medals
in total caps of 28 years returned to the
anti-doping test program giving the
indication that he will return
immediately to all this as soon
possible we are walking you can play
in the Olympic Games of Rio de
janeiro 2017 their coaches think
that the desired return is probably
will concentrate on the relays of
short distances including 100
100 meters free butterfly meters
currently this austral we give you the
welcome back to frame
locally there is a party at the pepsi center
not for the nuggets that culminate their
regular season at home tomorrow but
by the see balance decorated the team
ph quan league hockey
Ice returns to the postseason if
remember last year ended in the
last place the worst team in the league
this time as division champions
west the playoffs start this
weekend the maquis of colorado
return to action today in san diego
after a difficult weekend in
san francisco colorado lost two by
three large cafes opened the tenth
entry with a home run to give
san francisco the victory over colorado
the Venezuelan Pablo Sandoval hit another
Home Run and the Puerto Rican Angel Pagan
drove in two runs with a single by
the giants that recovered from a
1-0 defeat suffered on Saturday
to take in two of the three duels
of the series the American wilin rosary and
testimony hit homers pro the
maquis that have lost 15 of their last
18 games in San Francisco and they have not
won a series at home of the giants
since the year 2010 in phoenix the mexican
adrián gonzález hit a home run
fourth consecutive game
the damages were imposed 86 to the d backs
from Arizona to complete a sweep in
three games the fight between manny
pacquiao and main and still strong
between the conversations the Filipino
he could recover his welterweight title from the
omb
pacquiao defeated by unanimous decision to
bradley avenging his controversial
defeat of the year 2012 pacquiao took over
of the actions in the tenth round for
get victory very quickly
he moved over the king and connected his
gloves on the face of brandy who
showed inflammation in both cheekbones
at this point of the challenge
and thanks results m fiber lee suffered
his first professional boxing setback
to leave your service sheet in 31
dozen wins that in the end and so that
we are not talking anymore 38 nakash is given
56 victories in total impressive
then the title
and now we are talking about
possibly on May 17 if mike
alvarado wins against marquez is going to
face pacquiao
on May 17
now it is taught we come back with more